# Krypton
Ethereum has brought us tools like Smart Contract, Dapp and DAO creation, deployment, and management. We can easily pay someone without ever hitting the send button, access decentralized applications that cannot be censored or shut down and we can be part of Decentralized Autonomous Organizations.  Mistakes were made, bugs were found, and recently, millions were lost. Some are calling The DAO hack the most expensive bug bounty ever held, but whoever said this certainly didn’t have his Ether invested in The DAO, as the situation regarding the seizure of the stolen funds doesn’t seem to be improving.  The DAO happened, it failed, all we can do now is move on and learn from our mistakes. The problem is that if we keep learning from $50m errors, we’ll be the wisest and poorest people on the planet.  That’s why it’s good to have training wheels sometimes. Ethereum is the perfect playground for skilled developers, but with its 700% value increase since creation, it has made Solidity, one of the programming languages in Ethereum, a very expensive toy.  That’s why Krypton has launched an open invitation to all developers to poke around the Krypton blockchain and see what it has to offer.  Krypton (KR) is an Ethereum-based cryptocurrency that allows users all the same features and perks (Smart Contracts, Dapps, DAOs, DACs) but for a lower “price.” Ethereum transaction fees, which are known as “Gas” are spent according to computational costs, which means that the higher the price of Ether, the higher those costs will be.  covertress, the Krypton founder, and project manager said:  We’ve contacted several faculties at major universities and invited them to use the KR chain for this purpose. All of this means that developers have a testbed for smart contracts and Dapps, which are less expensive to deploy in the KR blockchain, before moving on to a more mainstream environment like Ethereum. Krypton can now be considered as a “gateway” into Ethereum.  The team isn’t planning to stay humble forever but will, however, take their time before deploying anything and becoming a direct competitor to Ethereum, allowing them to tighten up security and functionality before moving on to providing smart contracts and Dapp solutions for companies.  If you liked this article follow us on Twitter @themerklenews and make sure to subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest bitcoin and altcoin price analysis and the latest cryptocurrency news. Krypton – Smart Contracts and DAPPs Development for Business Systems &amp; IoT  Ticker: KR  Algorithm: Dagger-Hashimoto  Block Reward: 0.25 KR  Block Target: 15 Seconds  Listen Port: 17171  RPC Port: 8888  Total KR: ~2.669 Million  Real-Time Total KR  Ethereum-Based: Utilizes Smart Contracts, DAOs, DACs and DAPPs  Block Explorer: http://explorer.krypton.rocks  After years in the tech sector, for engineering, entertainment, travel &amp; finance companies, I’ve turned my focus to blockchain and building a startup, Krypton, to help companies realize their distributed applications.  $KR is my vision for an ultra-fast blockchain that can realize all of the features of Ethereum with fewer initial coins, faster speed and lower inflation.  Krypton can do the same things as Ethereum. However, with Ethereum’s codebase being updated to safely deploy DAOs, DACs, and DAPPs, there will be an explosion of practical-use cases, especially in the Internet of Things field. Companies will be actively seeking experienced developers.  KR is an alternative platform on which to deploy these new technologies and Krypton developers are ready to build these systems.  Join me in connecting Ðapps devs with real-life applications. Let’s code the future.  — covertress, Founder &amp; Project Manager  Krypton is now hiring Smart Contracts and Ðapps developers with experience in Solidity, JS, and node.js.  Please join Krypton’s Slack to apply: http://slack.krypton.rocks
